+++
title = "LFD103"
date = "2024-02-11T19:38:26+01:00"
author = "nipsn"
authorTwitter = "" #do not include @
cover = ""
toc = false
tags = ["LFD103", "kernel", "linux"]
keywords = ["LFD103", "kernel", "linux"]
description = "Quick thoughts on LFD103"
showFullContent = false
readingTime = true
hideComments = false
color = "red" #color from the theme settings
+++

# On LFD103

A few of months ago I decided to educate myself a bit on the Linux kernel because I have always been interested on low-level development. I discovered this course while browsing around looking for certifications and it turned out to be really interesting.

It focused a bit on how the comunications are done between developers and maintainers, which was nice to see since I have always worked by myself on repos and/or via PRs. The most complex type of development I had done was with forks, but this was kind of refreshing.

Since it didn't get too much into the nitty-gritty of developing device drivers, I guess I will have to look somewhere else. I have seen these books floating around called "Linux Device Drivers (Third Edition)" and "How Linux Works", so I will be taking a look at them at some point.

Overall I recomend the course since it teaches you how to work with maintainers, which is something you don't get to see that often (at least I haven't).

Link to the cert [here](https://ti-user-certificates.s3.amazonaws.com/e0df7fbf-a057-42af-8a1f-590912be5460/16863f53-1d40-48cf-a8ba-2c532dda10da-oscar-nydza-58a591e3-08a2-456b-93dc-bb9b71af6983-certificate.pdf).

Next post I'll focus on The Linux Foundation's Rust introduction course (LFEL100).

